You have a face that would make onions cry. 
I look at you and think, “Two billion years of evolution, for this?”
I am jealous of all the people who have never met you. 
I consider you my Sun. Now, please get 93 million miles away from here.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You’re not simply a drama queen/king. You’re the whole royal family.
I was thinking about you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
You are the human version of cramps.
You haven’t changed since the last time I saw you. You really should.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on Earth.
Oh, sorry, did the middle of my sentence interrupt the beginning of yours?
Don’t worry, the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest. 
They say beauty is on the inside. You better hope that’s true.
They say people get what they deserve. In your case it’s a participation trophy.
You do realise gargling semen won’t cure a cold right?
Wait, if you’re here who’s scaring away the crows from our crops?
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
Most know you as my best friend, but gonorrhea doctors know you as ‘patient zero’.
Dude, your face looks like something I’d draw with my left hand.
God wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth.
When I say I’m rolling a giant fatty, I don’t mean a joint, I mean you.
I wish I had more hands so I could show you more middle fingers.
You know there’s no vaccine for stupidity, right?
You’re the reason why we can’t have nice things.
Bro, even Google can’t find your talent. 😂
Your brain has less RAM than my calculator. 🧠
You’re proof that evolution can go in reverse. 🐒
You’re like a broken pencil… pointless. ✏️
you the reason shampoo bottles have instructions. 🧴
You bring Wi-Fi vibes… always weak. 📶
Even autocorrect can’t fix you. 🤦
You’re like software updates… nobody wants you, but you keep coming. 💻
You’re like a cloud… when you disappear, it’s a beautiful day. ☀️
You have something on your face… oh wait, that’s just your personality. 😏
You look like a “before” photo.
I believed in evolution until I met you.
Even Bob Ross would call you a mistake.
If ugly was a day, you’d be an entire year.
You’re proof that God has a sense of humor.
You’re the reason the divorce rate is so high.
Brush your teeth before you open your mouth.
Don’t you have to get a license to be that ugly?
I would hit you, but that would be animal abuse.
Your opinion is almost as bad as your eyebrows.
Your teeth are so yellow, even the sun is jealous.
If you ran like your mouth, you’d be in better shape.
I’m ugly? Perfect. I was trying to look like you today.
Life is full of disappointments. I just added you to the list.
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you’ll find a brain back there.
I’d give you a dirty look, but it looks like you already have one.
I’d love to insult you but it won’t be as good as what nature did.
I’d love to stay and chat, but I’d rather have open heart surgery.
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
I bet your parents change the subject when their friends ask about you.
You’re the type of person to look up and down before crossing the road.
I was going to make a joke about your life, but it looks like life got there first.
I was going to roast you, but then I heard burning trash is an environmental hazard.
